Launching lib/main.dart on Chrome in debug mode...
Waiting for connection from debug service on Chrome...             28.9s
This app is linked to the debug service: ws://127.0.0.1:36377/q8dpLWquXjc=/ws
Debug service listening on ws://127.0.0.1:36377/q8dpLWquXjc=/ws

💪 Running with sound null safety 💪

🔥  To hot restart changes while running, press "r" or "R".
For a more detailed help message, press "h". To quit, press "q".

An Observatory debugger and profiler on Chrome is available at: http://127.0.0.1:36377/q8dpLWquXjc=
══╡ EXCEPTION CAUGHT BY WIDGETS LIBRARY ╞═══════════════════════════════════════════════════════════
The following TypeErrorImpl was thrown building MyHomePage(dirty, state: _MyHomePageState#ab563):
Expected a value of type 'int', but got one of type 'bool'

The relevant error-causing widget was:
  MyHomePage
  MyHomePage:file:///home/scorpion/Misc/Programming/Repositories/EPICS2/epics_app/lib/main.dart:28:19

When the exception was thrown, this was the stack:
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/errors.dart 251:49      throw_
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/errors.dart 84:3        castError
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/private/ddc_runtime/operations.dart 452:10  cast
dart-sdk/lib/_internal/js_dev_runtime/patch/core_patch.dart 203:12                as
packages/epics_app/List/CList.dart 79:26                                          GTL
packages/epics_app/main.dart 64:16                                                build
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4782:27                               build
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4665:15                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4840:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4831:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6195:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6195:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6195:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4840:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4831:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6195:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6195:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4840:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4831:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4840:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4831:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6195:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6195:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6195:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4840:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4831:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4840:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4831:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6195:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
The Flutter DevTools debugger and profiler on Chrome is available at: http://127.0.0.1:9101?uri=http://127.0.0.1:36377/q8dpLWquXjc=
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4840:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4831:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4840:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4831:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4840:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4831:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6195:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4840:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4831:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6333:36                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6344:32                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4840:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4831:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6195:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4840:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4831:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6195:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 6195:14                               mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4840:11                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4831:11                               [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4355:5                                rebuild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4643:5                                [_firstBuild]
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4638:5                                mount
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3673:13                               inflateWidget
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 3425:18                               updateChild
packages/flutter/src/widgets/framework.dart 4690:16                               performRebuild
Application finished.
